This is an example of how to use and navigate through our website: Socorro Rental ReviewsWhen you first arrive at our landing page – you will be greeted with an About section, the ability to Create A New Review and an interactive map schema. By clicking on the red pins – you are able to read a review written for that property. Creating A New Review will lead the user to an email verification page, wherein they must verify they are New Mexico Tech students. Once this is verified, then the user will be forwarded to the first form – a casual set of questions you would expect to see when planning to rent a property. There are four forms of several sets of questions that follow this schema – clicking Next at the bottom of each page will allow you to navigate through each sets of questions – these aim to provide the most detailed review possible. Also note that each input field is required before advancing. The last form however, is an overall review in which you are able to express your thoughts with 140 characters and an overall rating based off of an Emoji scale. Clicking Next will finalize your review and you will be redirected to an acknowledgment of success page. To follow up on your post: You may click on the Return to Home Page hyperline. Scrolling down toward the map, you’ll find your red pin at that property's location. Reading Reviews:At the welcoming page – the user will be able read reviews left by other people. Clicking on the red pins – a place of listing – and each review written for that property will appear.  Review Appearance:Note the appearance of your review will only have the description given at the end of the review template. This is your 140 character summary and the emoji you chose to depict your overall experience for this rental.  It should also be mentioned that if the user must advance to the welcome page during the process of filling out a review form – simply clicking our banner 'Socorro Rental Reviews' will advance them there. 