This is an example of how to use and navigate through our website: 
Socorro Rental Reviews
Landing Page:
When you first arrive at our landing page you will be greeted with an About section, the ability to Create A New Review and an interactive map schema. The about section will inform you a little more about our website and the button “Create A New Review” will take you to a new web page that will allow you to do exactly that, create a new review. Finally, by clicking on the red pins located on the interactive map, you are able to look at different properties that other Techies have reviewed. 
Creating a New Review:
Clicking “Create a New Review” will lead the user to an email verification page, wherein they must verify they are New Mexico Tech students by entering a New Mexico Tech student email. Once this is verified, then the user will be forwarded to the first form – a casual set of questions you would expect to see when planning to rent a property. 
There are four web pages  that consist of several sets of questions that follow the same schema. By clicking “Next” at the bottom of each page you will navigate through the sets of questions. These aim to provide the most detailed review possible. Also note that each input field, with the exception of “Rental Unit”, is required before advancing. The last form however, is an overall review in which you are able to express your thoughts with 140 characters and an overall rating based off of an Emoji scale. Clicking Next on the last form will finalize your review, and you will be redirected to a success page.






To Follow Up on Your Post:
After you have completed your review, you may click on the “Return to Home Page” button to return to the home page. Once on the home page, scroll down toward the map and you will find a red pin on the property you just reviewed.
Reading Reviews:
To read a review, simply click on the red pins located on the map to bring up a small information window that will allow you to click on a link below the address. The link will take you to a different web page populated with reviews other people have left for that same address. 


It should be noted that if you want to return to the welcome page and not complete the review, simply click the banner 'Socorro Rental Reviews' which will redirect you to the home page.